# scala-works-cli

A small utility to help with scala-works resources.

## Current Functionality

Below is the list of currently implemented commands

### defaults

Command: defaults : Download reference config files for your project

Flags:

  -f --force : Force override an option


  -g --gitignore : download a .gitignore to the current folder


  -h --help : Prints the description of all flags and args


  -fix --scalafix : download a .scalafix.conf file to the current directory


  -fmt --scalafmt : download a .scalafmt.conf file to the current directory

### serve

Command: serve : HTTP file server from the path started. Will default to 9000.

Flags:

  -h --help : Prints the description of all flags and args


  -p --port : The port to start the http server on.

## Installation

Here are a couple paths you can take to isntall the lightweight launcher jar generated by `scala-cli`.

### homebrew

There is a custom homebrew tap you can use to install this program.

https://github.com/scala-works/homebrew-scala-works

`brew install scala-works/scala-works/scala-works`

Or `brew tap scala-works/scala-works` and then `brew install scala-works`.


### Releases

On a GitHub release, we publish a build and upload it to the corresponding release. this file is also the one installed via homebrew. It's built on an `ubuntu` runner, but it should work on MacOS as well.

https://github.com/scala-works/scala-works-cli/releases

### Build it local

We use `scala-cli` to create a lightweight bootstrap file. To build the project lcoally, run `scala-cli package . <output name>`.
